Added known issue section for the index.mapper.dynamic index setting bug. (#109292)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/7.7.asciidoc

Fixed in {es} 8.6.1 ({es-pull}92480[#91456])
// end::jackson-filtering-bug[]

// tag::index-mapper-dynamic-bug[]

> * The usage of the `index.mapper.dynamic` deprecated index setting can cause your cluster
> to be broken. This index setting could only be set using the index setting update API.
> The symptoms are nodes fail startup or shards will fail to allocate. Don't use this
> index setting in any version before 7.17.22. The bug has been fixed in 7.17.22.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The deprecated `index.mapper.dynamic` setting can break your cluster. It can only 
be set using the *Update index settings API*. Symptoms include nodes failing to start 
or shards failing to allocate. Do not use this setting in versions prior to 7.17.22. 
The bug is fixed in 7.17.22.
```
